tell the fairy tale again it's too scary
you know start seeing things that aren't
there you've been turned out of your
home set out to fend for yourselves with
only your clothes in your hides
I'm hungry I'm hungry then you are close
to a big cake
[Music]
careful for that dia I'd hate for you to
start something you can't stop please
make your acquaintance I'm called Gretel
and this rough one here is my brother
Hansel something wrong here but it's so
pleasant where are all the animals from
where does she draw milk mrs. Stein
comments
this is your power to see what is hidden
to take we were given us any death a
same magic did you Joy's have all that
is left is to make
[Music]